
The goal for this application would be for users to use the application to either lose weight, maintain weight or gian weight. The requirements for my application would be for the device to be an Android phone or tablet that is able to run the Android versions of 10, 9 and 8.1.0. The device needs to be able to receive text messages, and all phone capabilities. The user needs that this application was designed to address would be for user to simply want to track their weight whether that’s losing weight, gaining weight or maintaining weight. The screens and features that were necessary to support user needs and product a user-centered UI for the application would be the welcome screen and the tracking weight. My designs were successful because they allowed the user to interact with the application by having them use the keyboard and logging their weight. The features that were necessary is allowing the user to send a text message notification when the targeted weight was achieved and being able to use multiple user accounts on that single device. The process I used when approaching the coding of the application is starting with the main login page and working off that. The technique I used is placing everything where I wanted and maintaining the same design throughout the entire application. I tested the application myself a few times and then had my spouse interact with the application as well. The part I had to innovate to overcome the challenge is when trying to login at the beginning. I wouldn’t say I was extremely successful with the application, there were many times when I would have to walk away from the application to come back to it because I would get frustrated with not knowing how to do something. After coming back to the application I would have more success. 
