•	How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
•	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
•	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Writing a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable started with the Python module connecting both the database and the dashboard together. Developing that module then allowed for that module to be used in other projects and databases. As a computer scientist, you first want to approach a problem by being able to identify the problem first, then be able to know what the outcome needs to be. Once you’re able to identify the outcomes, you can start using different tolls and see what stack would be needed to achieve the outcome. I approached the Grazioso project by recognizing the large data set and the complete the application with certain access to modify the set. After recognizing the design order that is needed for the user experience really allowed for me to start designing/coding.  I would use the same initial strategy of understanding the company and what it desires in additional projects, and possibly pivot into another framework or language depending on the scenario. Computer scientists have the ability to identify and solve problems that may arise efficiently and effectively. My work on this type of project would be able to help a company like Grazioso Salvare by being able to see their issue and fix what needed to be fixed in the same style they liked.  
